well well well what a mess
the previous video was but what the [ __ ] are
those dislikes who the [ __ ] am I
mieres project it seems that there are a lot of
people who did not understand my humor my
excellent humor and my sarcasm and have
taken that criticism seriously well
guys my channel is not for kids it is not
for children rats it is for adults and
intelligent people and I like to clean up
from time to time so now get
comfortable those of you who have stayed here
because you are going to see me giving blows seriously
as I was saying there are a lot of people who do not
understand sarcasm and the things that I
wanted to convey in the previous video in
fact for example we have comments
like this one that says I am going to remove the
stereotype of the Andalusians or I mean if it
has been taken seriously that I really
want to remove the stereotype of the
Andalusians what am I going to do is chosen
but please if I am the laziest
there is if I am more flow a milk tooth or
this other this other attention you also
upload crappy content bravo bravo
someone give this man a batida
please ha  discovered america
diane keaton luis mcgwire watching
disney i want
but yes there is one thing that i was
wrong about and that was not correct if you
remember i said that there is one thing that all
youtubers do no matter what they say
the hairs on the ass shelter a little well well
humor no from
now on the video can only improve i said that no matter what they
say all
youtubers are here to earn money
to earn good money here not to get rich
recording videos and no no everything
is like that there are a lot of people
well not so much but there are some who
feel in their body the need to
believe themselves famous that is to say they seek fame
and not necessarily to earn money and
even lose it if necessary but they
want to feel that they are famous they want to
play that and that is the case of the stupid
[ __ ] that i am going to bring you next
okay it turns out that there is a video that
appears in ads or rather as if it were
an ad okay you know that when we
start a video on youtube
a video appears that you can remove in 5
seconds or that you have to  swallow
whole well this video appears to you
many times and it is a motivational video
well yes it is very strange that a video appears to you
like an
advertisement it is not a brand it is not an
advertisement for any product what
the [ __ ] this is not and this is nothing more than a
youtuber who pays for his video to be
put there and gain visitors and this is
a way to buy visits that google gives you
google itself if we go to
his channel we see that in this video it has
three [ __ ] million visits no [ __ ]
what piece of video does it have to be it does not have to
be the host I'm not
telling you that he bought them that he
bought them he chose the best video to
promote well we will judge that
now for the moment in the thumbnail it
indicates that it has 2 million visits
who the [ __ ] puts the number of
views that the video has in the
[ __ ] thumbnail or do they keep changing the
thumbnail every so often or whatever they
do it and the last straw is that you enter the
video that has almost 3 million
visits and it has 3000 there are 3000 likes that
I have in a 50 video  a thousand
views or something like that because I'm the
[ __ ] boss I wouldn't want to embolden him to
draw me some content without having seen it
so here we go hello everyone
today I bring you a motivational video
for whoever is going through a
difficult time whether it be a family member, a
friend, or a colleague or
colleague if you know someone I only
ask that you share it with those people
and that you can change their mind about their
day so nothing inside and well let's see
kid could you turn down the music a little
while you're talking because you can't
hear a [ __ ] thing
[Music]
are
but I [ __ ] myself what a [ __ ]
intro [ __ ] the best motivational video
that exists just with the intro I've already
gotten excited I'm here pim pam pum
here are candy canes I know about those
sad days where it seems that the strength and the
light are completely extinguished those days when
the tears come and
loneliness pursues little motivational video
in black and white this kid is a [ __ ]
genius I mean they're going to put James Cameron
in charge  what is coming
after seeing your video champion not a
little thing but a little thing was asked for let's
see if we search on google motivation
trichet videito think about here a
few youtube videos
or motivation letter what the hell is this
I know about those sad days where it seems
that the strength and the light are
completely extinguished those days in which the
tears come and loneliness pursues in
which it seems that everything is lost that there is
no way out that there is no change
however like me you know that there are no
days that last forever time does not
stop it is us who out of
desperation fear or necessity we stop
in it I believe
that you have to keep walking keep fighting and above all take it back path do not stop for disappointments or without remedy continue because there are many experiences these are hopes [ __ ] Cristian you are very tacky man you are very tacky reading a letter that is already on the internet churri it is and before
continuing I would like to read you this
unresolved comment in the video
since people are criticizing it for what I
say saying the music so loud
the bad interpretation that  it's a
scarecrow point and well the subject of the
writings is worth attention 1 the music was
uploaded by youtube of course of
course Cristian of course youtube to
upload a video now not only do you give it to me
Monetti Seitan but it also
puts the music at the volume that
comes out which would be what I was
missing for today okay let's see this guy is
saying a lot of nonsense let's turn up the
music so we can't hear him 2 yes I
also want an Oscar oh I don't have an
Oscar from last year
[Music]
and 3 the writing is mine I did it a
long time ago the boxes well regarding the
Oscar thing is that this kid is
saving that he is an actor since he has
participated as an extra okay as an extra
in a very well known Spanish series
called Gin Tonic come on Cristiano already
explain one thing okay crack in the year
90 and something I don't remember exactly he got
married here in my city in Seville the
Infanta Elena the daughter of the king what
happened was the whole city was full
of cameras and full of journalists
so on several occasions I left on the
sly  walking down the street on the
news and in some reports but that's why I do
n't put on my resume that
I'm an actor you piece of mongol or well if
this kid Cristian mod the actor which is
his username on all the networks
or I mean I would be pissed off putting my name
mixed with my profession not assuming
that he is a model and an actor of course imagine if
instead of Javi Oliveira I
had put
Javi Carretillero or I don't know wise
officer
and the mongol or something like that this kid who
sells himself as an actor and a model who I can
tell you has very little of a model with
that hair because the other day I painted the
fence of my terrace okay the fences I
painted it with an identical brush identical to
you here we have a video where Cristian
Sintes whose stage name or real name I don't
know tells a bit of his story
not in this video well he says well look the
appointment to the day at such a time and the communion I do
n't know what I don't know how much and pay attention to this
a good anecdote is when I was
four years old I came by boat to go to
my town and when we left  Valencia
about 20 or 40 km I was dizzy to which I
said to myself yeah yeah yeah yeah take me
to mom I'm dying to which
she told me that's what you're dizzy
another good anecdote wait wait like
another good anecdote or rather that was the
anecdote I believe that it was the intro and
that later you're going to tell the anecdote in
Chinese I curse his mother when I was
little he had a dog from a neighbor
named Irene who when she had the
dog on her burped I indecently
turned my back
saying cheers to him when he was
little he was very hard working he was located in
everything because the [ __ ] this kid
says he's an actor he says he's a model and he doesn't tell it that he's a comedian because what a great anecdote he tells kid we have this makeup chalet okay pay attention pay attention to the bag that his own aunt puts in it if in a wallet of legs
and you already have the kittens
today
the makeup they know that I'm with Black
Cat you already know pitos and nothing the only thing
that's new
a job
[Music]
the  model well
well we see that he is a
professional and careful that he
even dares to do an interview he is
quite an interviewer quite a
presenter and he is willing to take my
place let's see Cristian how would
you start an interview with a YouTuber who is sick with
cancer tell me
hello how are you fine a little tired
but well and that you are tired I
stick to commenting I can't I can't
and no this guy has not
only worked as an extra in gin and tonic we
also have on his channel an advertisement
for a driving school if you have listened
perfectly no it is not an advertisement for El
Corte Ingls it is not a
chocolate advertisement no no it is an advertisement for such and such
people no no for a driving school come on
[ __ ] it's as if they were showing on TV an
advertisement for the fruit shop in the movie or for
Bar Manolo or for Casa Agua I don't know let's
watch the show if you fly
first
[Music]
auto soles press
ta ta ta ta ta ta [
Music]
I think that with this we have had
enough with the advertisement it does not deserve
a video just the advertisement but anyway
let's get to the point where the hell is our
actor  portrait of an Oscar winner
where the hell does he appear in this advertisement
because I haven't seen it
[Music] what a fool
please what a
star because Cristian turns out I know
that in the end with my interpretation in
the news when the Infanta got married here
and I have a better role than you let's
take a little look at his Instagram
okay Cristian model actor again
model and actor we see that you have 52
thousand followers 52 thousand follower points
or five times more than on YouTube
actor and model
Telecinco I have the world record of 57
million likes on you know 57
million likes on you know that's an
outrage as you know or not at least you do
n't know in you know you earn money
depending on people's likes I mean if
people spend a lot of money on giving you like
then you earn more money and 57
million of which this
boy is missing is a real outrage
I would say about five thousand euros if
someone knows that I'm wrong
please correct me
curious because he has the world record
for fasting and everything that comes out of your
blister but in this publication  from
instagram where he advertises it has 45
light [ __ ] meaning I have a problem
with my tories and I have more likes than you and
well it's not just that post but
any post is worth it none of them
even reach 100 and it turns out that
this kid was organizing on you know
some raffles in which to
participate you had to donate a good
sum of money in exchange for an iphone tablet
anyway and none of these prizes
reached the
participants of course in fact according to what they tell me
every time someone claimed a prize
or gave him a tap it's Cristian he would
directly block him from the chat so he would keep
quiet and they also
confirm to me that this kid got those 5
million likes that he made so much
mistake by spending
money himself and his family
to have that record bravo no I
prefer to go up little by little and if they
win yes people who have won it for
me for my own good because they turn to me
for my advertising that I do on
social networks and they will be facebook twitter etc